Okay, here's how
it's going to go.
Seven-card stud.
Two cards down, four cards up.
Last card's a buy.
No check and raise.
I'm about to be
shaken down.
Visions of grade school.
At least he hasn't
put a visor on yet.
Good news is, I'm already poor
so I've got nothing to lose.
Everybody relax.
It's just
a friendly game.
We're all here
to have fun.
I heard the greatest joke
the other day.
No jokes; we're playing cards.
Josh, I've never seen
you so aggressive
and domineering.
Why weren't you this way
when I was dating you?
Will you shut up?
Oh, and now you grow a spine.
Let's just play.
Where are the cards?
Oh, the cards?
Ah, there's the Josh
I know and dumped.
Don't worry, Mr. Vegas,
I've got some cards in my room.
If you're looking for cards
I've got Josh's deck
right here.
You stole Josh's cards?
Stole, borrowed,
who's keeping score?
The point is, I want
to make you a proposition.
No.
Here's the plan:
During the game
I'll look over
everyone's shoulder
and signal
how you should bet.
We'll split
the winnings 70-30.
I can't cheat my friends.
But I can.
That's the beauty of this plan.
Roxie, I will see your
bet and raise you five.
Too rich for my blood.
Fold.
I should fold...
unless you're bluffing.
Sabrina
I think your cat's
having a convulsion.
I think he just needs
some fresh air.
Any of you chicks
up for five-card stud?
( groans )
♪ Life's changing around me,
and I'm gonna make it mine ♪
♪ I'm reaching out
and living by my rules... ♪
♪ Time's moving way too fast ♪
♪ I wanna make it last... ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm out on my own now ♪
♪ And I like the way it feels. ♪
Next.
Yes, ma'am,
what can I get for you?
Excuse me,
we were here first.
Oh, and just because
men were here first
you think women are supposed
to wait on you hand and foot?
Well, think again,
Mr. Hairy Back. Go!
Decaf?
What's with Aunt Hilda?
President Banning
broke up with her.
Now she says she's
through with men.
Next.
Aunt Hilda.
I'm really sorry about you
and President Banning.
But, you know,
that's no reason
to take it out
on all men.
There's a better way
to deal with your feelings.
I know, I know.
Talk through it,
feel the pain.
I'd rather
cause the pain.
Or we could go shopping.
I like your way.
Ooh, essence of hemlock.
And a dragon-skin pen.
Disgusting,
but I've got to have one.
You know, you were right
about curing
Hilda's breakup blues.
Shopping is just
what the doctor ordered.
Yeah, but he didn't
order six hours of it.
My feet are swelling up
like two bloated trolls.
That reminds me,
I need to pick up some trolls.
Let's swing by
Saks Fifth Century.
Uh, Hilda, you know what,
you go ahead.
Sabrina and I
are pretty wiped out.
Yeah, we'll meet
you at the house
if that's okay
with you.
That's great with me.
You two lollygaggers
have been slowing me down.
Oh, my God.
I've been looking
for one of these everywhere.
Excuse me, sir, what is this?
Psst, Harvey.
Harvey.
Did you say something?
Plants can't talk,
you idiot.
Oh, but cats can.
I'm such a fool.
I've got a poker game
to get to.
I know.
Want to go home a winner?
I'd love to. How?
Think about it.
You're a guy
who stinks at poker.
I'm a cat with no scruples.
Huh?
Oh, this could
take forever.
Here's the deal:
During the game,
I'll sit behind Josh
and let you know what he's got.
You'll go home a winner
and we'll split the take 80-20.
Salem, that's cheating.
Ugh, another one.
What is wrong
with this generation?
I swear Sabrina's cat is humming
"If I Were a Rich Man."
I'm singing a pretty
happy tune myself
thanks to Kinkle here.
Harvey, don't take
this personally
but you are the worst poker
player I have ever seen.
Gee, how can I take that
personally?
Don't get too attached
to those chips.
I think my luck's
about to change.
( humming )
Now the cat's humming
"We're In the Money."
Well, after
three hours of soaking
my feet are finally back
to their original size.
Tell Aunt Hilda I waited,
but I got a paper to write.
Oh, honey, I'm sure
she'll be so excited
about all the things
she bought
she'll forget we even
went shopping with her.
That was so much fun!
What's in the box?
What on earth
is that?
Guess.
Uh... refrigerator.
No.
Freezer.
A washer-dryer combo?
No. That's coming Tuesday.
What is it?
A fiancé!
( growls )
Hey, I know you.
You're the conductor
from the Halloween
mystery train.
Right. And Hilda's
just signed up for
the ride of her life.
From what I understand,
it's nonstop.
Excuse us, will you?
( Will growls )
Harvey, do you
call my bet or not?
What are you
waiting for?
Just give the man your wallet
and be done with it.
He could be bluffing.
But I guess to be on
the safe side, I should fold.
But I won't. Call.
Unfortunately for you,
I wasn't bluffing.
Full house, kings high.
Ah, not so fast.
Full house, aces high.
Okay, now the cat
is singing and dancing.
( humming stops )
Miles, you've got to get
off the decongestants.
Anyway, so after
I found this great deal
on ointment for piranha bites
I popped into
Just Cauldrons.
I'm standing there, looking
at the new tailgate models
when all of a sudden,
I look over to the food court
and I become paralyzed.
You saw Will.
No.
I saw they jacked up
the price of corn dogs
to seven dollars.
Is that not outrageous?
A crime. But what
does that have to do
with you
running into Will?
Patience.
It's a fabulous story.
( growls )
Anyway
I'm standing there
with my jaw on the floor
and who do you think
bumps into me?
Will.
No.
The saleslady showing Will
the exact same cauldron
I had just been looking at.
And that's when you knew
you'd found Mr. Right?
No.
That's when Will looked out
to the food court
and said, "Seven dollars
for a corn dog?
That's outrageous."
That's when I knew.
Of course.
Oh, before I forget
the wedding's this weekend.
What?
This weekend?
Oh, yeah,
Saturday afternoon.
Kind of dressy casual.
Will, would you excuse us
for a moment?
Let me guess, you're
clawing at my skin
because you're afraid
I'm going to make you wear
ugly bridesmaid's dresses.
Well, not to worry.
They're maroon and yellow.
Maroon and yellow?
Aunt Hilda, look,
you just broke up
with President Banning.
Don't you think you might
be acting impulsively
because you're
on the rebound?
Sabrina, I've been
looking for my true love
for over 600 years.
And if I find him on
the rebound, on a train
or in an outlet mall
I'm going for it.
Honey, it's true
that he's a nice man
he's attractive
he has a job--
always a plus--
but don't you think
you should get
to know each other
before you jump
into marriage?
I'm telling you,
I know true love
when I see it at the mall.
And this is it.
Now all I want from you two
are your blessings
and your dress sizes.
Now if you'll excuse me
Will and I have
to go pick out our rings.
Great idea I had
taking her shopping.
Aunt Zelda,
what are we going to do?
We are going
to make peace
with maroon and
yellow, I suppose.
Ooh, I shudder to think
what the shoes are
going to look like.
We can't let her get married
to a guy she bonded with
over cauldrons and corn dogs.
I don't think
we have a choice.
Your Aunt Hilda's a
very headstrong woman.
You know the oddest part
is that on that
mystery train
I could've sworn
Will fancied me.
That's it.
You just gave me an idea.
When they get back
from the jewelry store
I'll distract Aunt Hilda
while you throw
yourself at Will.
He succumbs to your charms
she sees him in a
compromising position
and comes to her senses.
Sabrina...
forgive me if I'm not
entirely comfortable
seducing my sister's fiancé.
I mean, it's one thing
to steal her prom date.
It's for her own good.
The only way we can
save Aunt Hilda
is with your
overwhelming beauty.
Well, she is my sister.
Zellie, Sabrina,
we're back.
Don't you want to see
our wedding rings?
Do I ever.
Mood rings?
Aren't they gorgeous?
Well, who can see
in this light.
Come into the kitchen,
let me really
check them out.
Be right back.
And if you're lucky,
my mood will be green.
Hello again, Will.
As in...
"Where there's a will,
there's a way."
As in "Will he or won't he?"
Or my personal favorite,
"A man will be a man."
Don't forget
"last will and testament."
Oh!
That's a very
interesting dress.
I'm glad you like it.
What else do you like, Will?
I like Hilda.
And corn dogs.
Really?
I thought you liked me best.
No.
I said I thought
you liked me best!
No, ow!
Jiminy Cricket,
would you look
at that?
What is going on here?
This is not how it looks.
Your sister
just threw herself at me.
Don't lie to me.
Your mood ring is green.
I'm not lying.
I was set up here.
It's you I love,
not this tramp.
Oh, so now
my sister's a tramp?
Well, you do look
a little trampy in that dress.
She was determined to
have her way with me.
I tried to push her aside.
She was relentless
in her pursuit.
Hilda, the only one
for me is you.
You have to believe me.
No, I don't.
You betrayed me.
I'm going to zap you back
to the outlet mall
you crawled out of.
Aunt Hilda,
I'm so sorry.
But I guess
this just goes to prove
he wasn't
your true love after all.
My true love?
I hardly knew the guy.
He meant nothing to me.
And now I'll never
see him again.
Oh, my God!
Aunt Hilda broke!
I can't believe it.
The only time a witch
falls to pieces
is when she's separated
from her soul mate.
Oh...
Oh, we were wrong, Sabrina.
They really were in love.
And we got the bright idea
to break them up.
Actually, sweetheart,
that was you.
I feel horrible.
We got to get Aunt
Hilda back together.
Hey... I found her lips.
Actually, I think that's a nose.
This is a lot harder
than Mr. Potato Head.
We're going to need
a professional, honey.
We can't fix Hilda,
but someone else can.
Send us an expert,
like Rodin.
( with French accent):
Ooh-la-la.
It will be my pleasure
to sculpt such beautiful,
gorgeous women
such as yourselves.
Actually, we just need you
to fix my broken aunt.
Voilà, c'en est fait.
Ooh, that means it's done.
Four years of French.
Hey...
what about this piece?
Appendix-- don't need.
Okay, well, now that you've
put her back together
how do you bring
her back to life?
I am artist,
not genetic engineer.
If you want a heart beating
or a plasma flowing
you should consult
a specialist.
"Ed's Life and
Storage Warehouse.
We revive your loved ones
at factory-direct prices."
This is perfect!
No, it's not.
I have heard
about this quack.
He's unlicensed, unethical
and from what I can see in
this photograph, unwashed.
I am not putting
my sister's fate
in his hands.
Well, what choice
do we have?
Hello-- brilliant
research scientist.
Surely I can find a way
to bring Hilda back to life.
To the "labtop."
Oh, but we get a free bag
of white blood cells
just for coming in!
Eureka!
You've got it?
No...
but I have figured out
how to make an amoeba
come when I call him.
That's it?
You've been working at this
for two days.
If I have to work at this
labtop for 2,000 days
I am going to find
a way to bring my
sister back to life.
Here, Fluffy, Fluffy.
( smooching )
Well, I can't
wait that long...
and neither
can Aunt Hilda.
Okay... I get
the "storage" part
but I'm not seeing
a lot of "life" around here.
Welcome to Ed's...
where the customer
is always right.
At the moment,
the customer's a
little creeped out.
I'm Sabrina Spellman
and this is my Aunt Hilda.
Oh, yes-- frozen in a state
of perpetual heartbreak.
Tragic...
but good for business.
What can I do for you?
Well, I was hoping you could
bring her back to life.
Ooh... that's going
to cost you.
Oh, that's okay, as long
as you take credit cards.
You know, I just got
bumped up to Platinum.
No, your money's
no good here.
A witch must pay... with
a personal sacrifice.
I'm getting that creeped-out
feeling again.
In exchange
for reviving your aunt
you must be willing
to give up your true love.
Whoa, I have
to give up Josh?
Not necessarily, but
you have to be willing
to take that gamble.
Are you willing to risk
your own love life
to save your aunt's?
You know, Ed...
I am really happy
with my love life these days.
You know, is there anything else
I could sacrifice
like give up Gummy Bears?
Sorry. This is why
most of my customers
opt for storage.
Well... I'm the one
that did this to you.
So... I've got
to make the sacrifice.
( sighs )
All right.
It's a deal.
What a rush!
Who are you?
Oh, this is Ed.
He brought you
back to life.
Gee.
Thanks, Ed.
Don't mention it.
Uh, just out of morbid
curiosity, why was I dead?
See...
when I didn't believe
that you were truly
in love with Will
I came up with a plan
to drive him away...
but he really is
your true love.
So, you froze and shattered
into pieces
for which I'm really,
really, really sorry.
Not half as sorry as I am.
I have to go find
my true love... again.
Ooh, free
white blood cells.
These make great
stocking stuffers.
You're all done.
Thanks.
Um, you know
about that whole...
( chuckling ):
love life/sacrifice thing?
You know, I know the Gummy Bears
didn't fly for you
but what if I cut back on my
usage of the term, "Woo-hoo"?
Yes... that would be
a big sacrifice for you
but no.
Hey, Sabrina.
You're here just in time
to see Harvey wipe us out
for the 12th time in a row.
Harvey? The worst poker player
in all the planet?
And yet, the person
with the most chips.
I got a feeling your luck
is about to change.
Harvey, the
bet is to you.
What are you
going to do?
Let's see, should I fold?
( sneezes )
I guess I'm in.
Actually, I'll fold.
( sneezes )
I'm in. I'm in.
Okay, straight
flush, jacks high.
What do you got?
Pair of tens.
Ha! Finally, all is right
with the world.
Kinkle's losing again.
( sneezes )
The cat's not doing
so good, either.
Gosh, Harvey, what happened
to your winning streak?
SABRINA:
I guess
he just ran
into a spell of bad luck.
Um, Josh,
before you get
into the next hand
can I talk to you
for a minute?
Uh, yeah, sure.
What's going on?
I just want to make
sure that you know
that if anything
should ever happen
and we can't
be together...
I'll always love you.
Could you take off that visor?
What are you talking about?
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
It's just... you never know
what's going to happen.
Sabrina...
I don't know why
you're talking like this
but I love you,
and I never want to lose you.
I don't want to lose you,
either.
You're the sweetest,
most caring guy I've ever known.
Now... get in there
and shake down my friends
for all they're worth.
...and a little bit
of frog essence...
and... presto!
The amoeba is dead.
52 hours straight
and still no Hilda
to show for it.
What you doing?
Do you mind? I'm
trying to bring my
dear sister ba...
Hilda! I brought
you back to life!
Sure... if it makes
you feel better.
So needy.
Anyway,
we're getting married here
this Saturday.
So, clean this all up.
Okay.
Listen, you two.
I am so glad
that you are back together
and I never should've
doubted your love
and I'm really sorry
that I threw myself at you.
Forget about it.
I was over it
while it was happening.
Oh.
That's... good.
So, how do you feel?
I'm excited...
yet a little worried
that Hilda's running
an hour and a half late.
Ooh, you really don't know her
that well yet, do you?
You want me to go check
around for you?
Nah, nah, I don't
want to put you out.
Wait a minute.
You almost destroyed
my relationship.
Yeah... go.
( sobbing )
Aunt Hilda, everything okay?
( Hilda sniffling ):
Fine, honey.
( sniffling )
Oh, why are
you two crying?
( sobbing )
Make that three.
I'm going to miss all you guys
so much.
Oh, Aunt Hilda
we're still going
to see each other.
It's never going to be
like it was, though.
But it will
be wonderful
in a whole
different way.
Yeah, you'll have new adventures
with the man you love.
Well, they'll have to be
awfully good adventures
to top the ones we've had--
crossing swords
with pirates...
Taking a trip to look
at time shares in Hell.
I'll never forget
when we skied on Mars
or when we rode
the roller coaster
on the rings of Saturn
or when you rescued me
from the volcano...
or when you... took me in
and raised me like I was
your own daughter.
( all sobbing )
And now, it's the happiest day
of my life.
...which is why we are
gathered here today
to join these two together
in holy matrimony.
Hilda looks so beautiful.
And so happy.
I swear, if that cat
starts singing "Oh, Promise Me"
I'm out of here.
I don't mean
to be critical
but don't
the bridesmaids look
like they should be playing
at the Rose Bowl?
PRIEST:
Do you, Will
take Hilda,
to be your lawfully wedded wife?
( growls playfully )
( grunts )
I do.
And do you, Hilda, take Will
to be
your lawfully wedded husband?
Like I'm going
to say, "No," now?
I don't think so.
All right, I do.
I now pronounce you
husband and wife.
( stammering ):
You may kiss each other now.
( whooping )
Okay, ladies...
get ready!
Oh! Oh!
Zellie, go long!
Ow! Oh! Ow!
Yeah!
Come here, you.
( gasping happily )
Oh, thanks a lot,
Aunt Zelda.
I broke a heel.
But I got the bouquet!
I'm getting married next!
So, uh, everybody,
start shopping.
I need, um, flatware
and a bagel slicer.
Woo-hoo!
A husband wouldn't hurt.
Oh, the cake's here.
It's... beautiful.
Yes.
I, uh... broke my heel.
Oh. Please, let me fix it.
Wow.
So, who are you and why do I
suddenly feel the urge
to break my other heel?
I'm Luke.
Feel free to break it.
Sabrina, I've got something
to tell you.
I'm still in love with you
but I know
it'll never be returned.
So, I'm moving to California.
What?!
Sabrina, I don't know
what just came over me
but I can't ever
see you again.
I'm taking that newspaper job
in Prague.
What?!
Well, it was nice meeting you.
Guess I'll never see you again.
What?!
ALL THREE:
Good-bye, Sabrina.
"Good-bye"?